
- `rdm_concat__kc_soma__megamat__mean_peak__correlation__trialavg.nc`
  - contents:
    - correlations from Remy's final 4 megamat flies (17x17 odors).
      should be same correlations as shown throughout paper.

  - received from: Remy (include date + medium received from)

  - used by:
    - `al_analysis.py`:
      - to make fig (#?) comparing model KC vs real KC (check this true)
      - any other figs? check.


- `sent_to_remy`
  - `2023-01-06`
    These 4 files (2 CSVs, and 2 pickle files with same data) probably contain the data
    Remy used to generate the original ORN / PN correlation matrices in the preprint.

    The preprint was posted 2023-02-16 originally, and this was the only data I had
    seemed to send to Remy (on Slack) recently before this (on 2023-01-06). I didn't
    send anything to her via email during the same time frame.

  - `2023-10-29`
    - should be final megamat data (pebbled and GH146)
    - sent on: Slack

  - `2024-01-12`
    - should be final validation2 panel data (just pebbled, we never did PN imaging for
      this panel)

    - sent on: Slack


- `sent_to_anoop`
  - `v1`
    - megamat and validation2 ORN data (should be pretty much, if not exactly, as
      final). non-consensus glomeruli may not have been dropped, or may have been
      handled differently than what I do now (e.g. for megamat data I sent to DePasquale
      lab people more recently)?

  - `v2`
     - model KC outputs that still had the offset in the dF/F -> est. spike delta fn,
       and thus still had unnecessarily high KC correlations. Anoop never really used.


- `ann_model_outputs`
  - contents:
    - CSVs with ORN (Hallem) / KC responses and correlations.

  - used by:
    - `analyze_ann_outputs.py`

  - generated by my script `save_ann_outputs.m`, which is currently under
    `~/Documents/MATLAB`. may commit here or (more likely) under my copy of her
    `mushroomBody` repo.


# TODO

- add other files in initial 2024-04-05 Dropbox folder `hong_depasquale_collab`
  (under `sent_to_grant/2024-04-05`)
